dns: allow --dns-verbatim to change default dns verbatim (#38099)
nodejs/node: doc/api/dns.md

    addresses in the order the DNS resolver returned them. When `false`,
    IPv4 addresses are placed before IPv6 addresses.
    **Default:** currently `false` (addresses are reordered) but this is
    expected to change in the not too distant future. Default value is

>     configurable using [`dns.verbatim`][] or [`--dns-order`][].

Reviewer: The doc in cli.md implies that verbatim is the default

Author: Description changed.

On error, `err` is an [`Error`][] object, where `err.code` is
one of the [DNS error codes][].

> ## `dns.setDefaultOrder(order)`

Reviewer 2: Ditto here.

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* `order` {string} must be `'ipv4'` or `'verbatim'`.

Set the default value of `verbatim` in [`dns.lookup()`][] and
[`dnsPromises.lookup()`][]. The value could be:

> * `ipv4`: sets default `verbatim` `false`.

Reviewer 2: `ipv4first`? `ipv4` it not a particularly meaningful string when specifying the order of values.

subsequent servers provided. Fallback DNS servers will only be used if the
earlier ones time out or result in some other error.

## `dns.verbatim`

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* {boolean}

> By default set to `false`. Determines the default value of `verbatim` when
> it's not passed to [`dns.lookup()`][] or [`dnsPromises.lookup()`][].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Determines the default value of `verbatim` when it's not passed to [`dns.lookup()`][]
or [`dnsPromises.lookup()`][]. Defaults to `false`. 
```

subsequent servers provided. Fallback DNS servers will only be used if the
earlier ones time out or result in some other error.

## `dns.verbatim`
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

* {boolean}

Determines the default value of `verbatim` when it's not passed to
[`dns.lookup()`][] or [`dnsPromises.lookup()`][]. Defaults to `false`.

Configurable using the [`--dns-order`][] CLI option. Change `dns.verbatim`
will override the [`--dns-order`][] option.

> 

Reviewer: Is a change in the value here propagated to worker threads?

Author: Yes, as both `child_process` and `worker_threads` inherit `execArgv` from parent process by default. This is expected 
behavior (for my own scene at least).

Reviewer 5: Doesn't it just set a local `defaultVerbatim` copy below?

Author: Sorry, I misunderstood the question. Yes, `dns.verbatim = true` won't propagate.

Author: I have deleted the description in avoid of been misunderstood.

Reviewer: Ok, so there's a definite discussion to be had then about whether it *should* be inherited. I don't think it's a blocking issue for this PR right now but I would be curious what @mcollina and @addaleax think about it.

Reviewer 6: I also think the CLI option should take precedence over dns.verbatim.
I.e. `{ verbatim: }` > `--dns-order` > `dns.verbatim`.
